Update release steps to remove the need of merging to trunk and simplify testing (#8956)
woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block: .github/patch-initial-checklist.md

## After Deploy

> -   [ ] Port to `trunk` the changes to the changelog, testing steps and required versions that you did in the previous steps. You can do so copy-and-pasting the changes in a new commit directly to `trunk`, or cherry-picking the commits that introduced those changes.

Reviewer: I would reword this:

```suggestion
-   [ ] Port the changes to the changelog, testing steps, and required versions that you made in the previous steps to `trunk`. You can do so by copy-and-pasting the changes in a new commit directly to `trunk`, or cherry-picking the commits that introduced those changes.
```
